# Google-Analytic-Customer-Revenue-Prediction
Automated ML system predicts Google Store customer revenue, optimizing marketing budget. Leveraging past data, identify top revenue-generating customers
Problem Statement for our machine learning project : Create an automated system for predicting potential future business, finding potential customers based on the various parameters as decided by the machine learning algorithm. The purpose of the document is to explain the High architecture that would be used for developing the Google Store revenue prediction system. We’re challenged to analyze a Google Merchandise Store customer dataset to predict revenue per customer. In every business it was proven about 80–20 rule., this rule tells us 80% of our revenue will be generated by only 20% of our potential customers. So, our goal is to predict the revenue that is going to be generated by those potential customers in the near feature. So that marketing teams will invest appropriate money on promotional strategies to attract potential customers. In simple words we are given with the user's past data and transactions (when they logged into G-store). so by using this data we need to predict the future revenue will be created by those customers. So Google provided Merchandise customer dataset and no.of transactions per customer. We will build a predictive model using G-store data set to predict the total revenue per customer that helps in better use of marketing budget and we will also interpret the most impacting element on the total revenue prediction using different models.
